# Dawgs4u
# Guillermo Garcia Jr
# Instructor - Eric Pogue
# Final Class Project "Dawgs4u"
# this code is a python application to be used within Mac's Terminal or Window's Shell that asks a series of questions that evaluate and score one's personality. The score is measured between 1-5, or highley disagree through highly agree and is then stored to be used mathematically. Finally, the scores are used to evaluate which of the provided dog breeds are a closest match to your personality. Effectively, this is python version of matchmaker that attempts to align one with their own unique "perfect dog" to maximize happiness and compatibility. 
# I was torn between having a webapp or python application for this project. I ultimately chose python, to create more of a differentiation between this and Matchmaker. Thus, there are characteristics present within the project proposal that cannot be met due to the nature of being a python application instead of a webapp.
# Updated 5/5
# With the results after finalizing product within the timeframe, it uses python and its basic skills. Dog libraries were not found after searching, and color/font changing are aspects of HTML that are much more advanced on Python and thus are not present. However, the questionnaire basis one at a time was successful, and does indeed match the human and dog with most compatible answers. Explaing why it is a match is shown through the summary of the dog breed. With extra time, making a gui would have been ideal, but leaving it within terminal also helps keep it stable for all.